hi this is Dan from cash for cars what
you're looking at is our latest vehicle
to go on the Internet in an auction this
is a 2005 mitsubishi ear trick Kiwi new
model this very popular wagons these
looks pretty in this sort of purpley
blue color it's got a rear spoiler there
20 valve that's what it say's okay so
here's your boot space we got that rear
cargo blind they're always handy and
that Mitsubishi sort of tough dick in
there
can see down here at sauna city of
Mitsubishi le wheels an a size 16 inch
registered through to the third month
2013 two-wheel drive
okay so here's your 2 liter 16-valve
Mitsubishi engine looks as it should a
near stays there that a can belt was
replaced at 90 thousand kilometer it's
got a few more now though we got two
keys we'll just check out the keyless
entry see if that works
oh yeah cosa keyless entry tied in with
the central locking we've got full
electric window controls and wing mirror
controls good warrant through to the 8th
month
2013 see how many kilometers it's at oh
there you go two hundred and twenty
three thousand caves and we got abs in
this car good safety feature that over
here you've got your factory Mitsubishi
CD radio player can hear that going gets
Kiwi stations being a Kiwi new car air
conditioning controls that's cold
it's an automatic model with that
Tiptronic feature over there we have a
passenger's airbag and we got a driver's
airbag so good safety
is your roof lining put us start the
sups they can hear it running yeah there
you go
let's see power
excellent five seater wagon and the
vehicle drove well up here on the test
run so hope that gives everybody an
insight without virtual tour and cash
the cars we buy cards feel free to visit
our website www.fawziacademy.com
good luck and happy bidding